Add entity description docs (#1963)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/core/entity.md

```

This does exactly the same as the first example but relies on a default
implementation of the property in the base class. The name of the attribute
starts with `_attr_` followed by the property name. For example, the default
`device_class` property returns the `_attr_device_class` class attribute.

Not all entity classes support the `_attr_` attributes for their entity
specific properties, please refer to the documentation for the respective
entity class for details.

:::tip
If an integration needs to access its own properties it should access the property (`self.name`), not the class or instance attribute (`self._attr_name`).
:::

### Entity description

The third way of setting entity properties is to use an entity description. To do this set an attribute named `entity_description` on the `Entity` instance with an `EntityDescription` instance. The entity description is a dataclass with attributes corresponding to most of the available `Entity` properties. Each entity integration that supports an entity platform, eg the `switch` integration, will define their own `EntityDescription` subclass that should be used by implementing platforms that want to use entity descriptions.

> The main benefit of using entity descriptions is that it allows to define the different entity types of a platform in a declarative manner, making the code much easier to read when there are many different entity types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main benefit of using entity descriptions is that it defines the different entity types of a platform in a declarative manner, making the code much easier to read when there are many different entity types.
```

        device_class=SensorDeviceClass.CURRENT,
        state_class=SensorStateClass.MEASUREMENT,
        value_fn=lambda device: device.power,
        exists_fn=lambda device: bool(device.max_power),
    ),
)

async def async_setup_entry(
    hass: HomeAssistant,
    entry: ConfigEntry,
    async_add_entities: AddEntitiesCallback,
) -> None:
    """Set up Example sensor based on a config entry."""
    device: ExampleDevice = hass.data[DOMAIN][entry.entry_id]
    async_add_entities(
        ExampleSensorEntity(device, description)
        for description in SENSORS
        if description.exists_fn(device)
    )

class ExampleSensorEntity(SensorEntity):
    """Represent an Example sensor."""

    entity_description: ExampleSensorEntityDescription
    _attr_entity_category = (
        EntityCategory.DIAGNOSTIC
    )  # This will be common to all instances of ExampleSensorEntity

    def __init__(
        self, device: ExampleDevice, entity_description: ExampleSensorEntityDescription
    ) -> None:
        """Set up the instance."""
        self._device = device
        self.entity_description = entity_description

>         self._attr_available = False  # This overrides the default

Reviewer: While you're here, perhaps something should set `_attr_available` to `True` somewhere to make this example more complete. Perhaps after update succeeds?

Author: Yes, not doing that would be a bug. :smile: Thanks!
